Refactor compiler to use ActionView's partial sorting algorithm (#2158)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

    *Stephen Nelson*

> * BREAKING: Use ActionView's `lookup_context` for picking templates instead of the request format.

Reviewer: Might we add an example of when this change would be breaking for a consumer?

    *Stephen Nelson*

> * BREAKING: Use ActionView's `lookup_context` for picking templates instead of the request format.
> 
>   3.15 added support for using templates that match the request format, i.e. if `/resource.csv` is requested then
>   ViewComponents would pick `_component.csv.erb` over `_component.html.erb`.
> 
>   With this release, the request format is no longer considered and instead ViewComponent will use the Rails logic
>   for picking the most appropriate template type, i.e. the csv template will be used if it matches the `Accept` header
>   or because the controller uses a `respond_to` block to pick the response format.
> 
>     *Stephen Nelson*
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BREAKING: Use ActionView's `lookup_context` for picking templates instead of the request format.

  `3.15` added support for using templates that match the request format: when`/resource.csv` is requested then ViewComponent would pick `_component.csv.erb` over `_component.html.erb`.

  With this release, the request format is no longer considered and instead ViewComponent will use the Rails logic for picking the most appropriate template type. For example, the `csv` template will be used if it matches the `Accept` header or because the controller uses a `respond_to` block to pick the response format.

    *Stephen Nelson*

```
